1) Which of the following is true about protected access modifier?
Variables, methods, and constructors which are declared protected can be accessed by any class lying in the same package.

2) When static binding occurs?
Static binding occurs during Compile time.

3) Inheritance represents : IS-A relationship.
IS-A relationship in java can be achieved by using the keyword 'extends' in the code. It is used for avoiding
any kind of redundancy in the code and to reuse the class and methods in the program. The IS-A relationship
is unidirectional which means that mango is a fruit but not all fruits are mango.

Visualization:

Class Lady
|
| IS-A
|
↓
Class Mother ---- HAS-A ---> Class Son

4) What of the following is the default value of a local variable? :
Not assigned

5) What is a class in java?
A class is a blue print from which individual objects are created. A class can contain fields and methods to
describe the behavior of an object.

6) What is the default value of int variable? :
0

7) What is class variable?
class variables are static variables within a class but outside any method.

8) What is the default value of short variable? :
0.0

9) What is TreeSet Interface?
It is a Set implemented when we want elements in a sorted order.

10) Which of the following is a marker interface?
serializable

11) What is JRE?
JRE is an implementation of the Java Virtual Machine which executes Java programs.

12) which operator is considered to be with highest precedence?
() , []

13) What is Deserialization?
Deserialization is the process of restoring state of an object from a byte stream.

14) Which of the following is true about private access modifier?
Variables, methods and constructors which are declared private can be accessed only by the members of the same class.

15) Can be constructor be made private?
Yes

16) What is the default value of char variable?
'\u0000'

17) What is the size of double variable? 64-bit
The double data type is represented by double-precision 64-bit IEEE 754 floating point.

18) Can a top level class be private or protected?
No

19) What kind of variables a class can consist of?
class variables, local variables, instance variables

20) Primitive data types :
int, byte, short, long, float, double, boolean and char

21) Non-Primitive data types :
String, Array,

22) What are the main principles of Java OOP (Java Object-Oriented Programming) ?
 Abstraction, inheritance, polymorphism and encapsulation

23) What class modifier doesn't exist?
foreign

24) Are nested loops allowable in Java?
Yes

25) What method of Scanner scans an input line before the first spacing?
next()

26) What's the value of variable byte b = 7;?
0000 0111  (format 8 bajtowy)

27) Sizes

The size of "short" variable is 2 bytes

The size of an "int" variable is 4 bytes (32 bits) in Java.

The size of "float" variable is 4 bytes

The size of "long" variable is 8 bytes

The size of "double" variable is 8 bytes


28) Po wywołaniu for (;;) {} otrzymamy:
pętlę nieskończoną








